# KadrePortfolio

Config files for my GitHub profile. I decided to build my portfolio to learn more about HTML and CSS, as well as better show off my skills when applying for jobs. When beginning the project, I checked out some books from the library and began watching tutorials on YouTube. I started with Visual Studio Code due to its ability to support multiple languages— I used HTML, CSS, and Javascript to build this site, and planning on experimenting with other capabilities using Python in the future. When it came time to build the page, I created an HTML file to structure the web page and its contents, and a CSS file to stylize it. I used JavaScript to make it dynamic. Along the way, I ran into a few difficulties, such as linking the CSS to the HTML. To solve that, I asked a question on Stack Overflow, and re-did a course on CodeAcademy.Additionally, I had issues where some of my images weren’t showing up. After a few days of troubleshooting I asked for help from a coworker, who kindly reviewed the code and taught me how to fix it. Once the overall design and layout were complete, I worked to write the website copy with an updated resume. A big part of that was researching on LinkenIn, and reading about best practices from experts in the tech recruiting industry.
The last piece was pushing it live. I used Github to upload my files in a repository. After that repository was deployed, I added an index.HTML and set up a domain name, which I linked to my Github pages. I finished by setting up an HTTPS in my Github page. This is one of the first iterations of this page. I will continue to upgrade and evolve my portfolio, adding new functionalities as I see the need and evolve my skills! Have any feedback? Please email me!
